Title: Kroos announces his farewell to Real Madrid and his retirement from soccer
The German player will retire when he finishes at the European Championship.
Toni Kroos has informed Real Madrid and the fans, via his podcast and an emotional letter, that he is leaving the club and retiring from soccer at the end of the season.

"July 17, 2014, the day of my presentation at Real Madrid, the day that changed my life. My life as a footballer, but above all as a person.

"It was the beginning of a new life at the greatest Club in the world. Today, after 10 years, at the end of the season, this life comes to an end. I will never forget this successful and exciting decade!

"I would especially like to thank President Florentino Perez, the Club and all those who welcomed me with an open heart and trusted me. But above all I would like to thank you, dear madridistas, for your love and support from the first day to the last.

"At the same time, this decision means that my career as an active footballer will end this summer after the European Championship.

"As I have always said, Real Madrid is and will be my last club.

"Today I am happy and proud to have found in my head and in my heart the right moment for this decision. My ambition has always been to finish my career at the top of my level. From this moment on, in my mind there is only one main thought and nothing will take me away from this: LET'S GO FOR THE 15TH!!! HALA MADRID AND NOTHING ELSE!"

Kroos will put an end on June 1, in the Champions League final at Wembley, to a career full of success at Real Madrid. He landed at the white club on July 17, 2014 and barely a month later, with two training sessions, on August 12, he was already leading the team from midfield and lifting his first title. The first of the 22 he has won in white.

With Real Madrid he has won four Champions League titles (it could be five on June 1), four Spanish LaLiga EA Sports titles, five Supercopa de Espanas, three European Super Cups, five Club World Cups and one Copa del Rey. An unparalleled list of achievements for a unique footballer. 
